[Music]
so I'm just doing some checking on the
ring hold on Sheldon is that ketchup on
that devil
yes there is yeah but here's a fun fact
a ketchup that was a general term for
sauce typically made of mushrooms or
fish brine with herbs and spices some
popular early main ingredients included
blueberry anchovy oyster kidney bean and
grape no that's okay I'll get it
[Music]
if someone and of course we don't know
who this would be does ask where you've
gone what should I say no is Tom I went
to the office are you going to the
office no how can I say it convincingly
just say Leonard went to the office
alright Leonard went to the office
no not like that just bleonard went to
the office these would have worked out a
lot better if you just told me you were
going to the office I'm going to the
office
he wasn't I believe you
doesn't anyone want to know where he's
going okay where is he going
Leonard is going to the office
Benni
are you experiencing some sort of
difficulty you appear to put your car
key in the door lock are you aware of
that
yeah all right then
would it be possible for you to do this
a little more quietly damn he out it's
not surprising that Baldwin lock on your
door uses traditional edge melted
cylinders whereas the key for your
Volkswagen used as a center cylinder
system
Thank You Sheldon you're welcome
point of inquiry why did you put your
car key in the door lock why I'll tell
you why because then I had an audition
it took me two hours to get there I
waited an hour for my turn and before I
could even start they told me I look too
Midwest for the part too Midwest what
the hell does that even mean well the
American Midwest was mostly settled by
Scandinavian and Germanic
they have a characteristic baby
I want to build a road but I need wood
dr. V fellows have wood
I don't understand the laughter
jacta Settlers of Catan is to build
roads and settlements to do so requires
wood now I have sheep I need wood
who has wood for my sheet
now where were we
oh yes does anyone have any wood I just
want wood
are you making it so hard and now that I
have some wood
I'm going to begin the erection of my
settlement
it's got to be doing this on purpose now
back to our game well you were in the
middle of a direction
oh of course it's right here in my hand
[Music]